
=========

## Project
with LHL Node Skeleton from Lighthouse Labs

This is a scheduling app where in a primary user will set their schedule (for specific use case or have long term schedule) the schedule will generate a unique url to be sent to a secondary user (automate? twilio? contact list?). The secondary user can pick from available dates/times, currently this info will be sent back to the primary user and added to their local schedule (notifications?) ideally we will eventually integrate w google calendar (apple?)


## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information
  - username: `labber`
  - password: `labber`
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`.
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`.
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples.
- Use helper functions to run your SQL queries and clean up any data coming back from the database. See `db/queries` for pre-populated examples.
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds.
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database.
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x

Calendar -
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-design-a-simple-calendar-using-javascript/
color gradient -
https://gist.github.com/mlocati/7210513




## USER STORIES
* As the primary user I want to select available days to send to    secondary user
* As the primary user I want to select available times of days to send to secondary user
* As secondary user I want to recieve available dates/times and be able to schedule these days/times with primary user


primary user -> make schedule
primary user -> send schedule
secondary user -> recieve schedule options
secondary user -> rank options & send to primary user

## BUGS
- user can click days of previous month, but registers as current month (dont add click to class "invalid" days )
-creating schedule is not wiping old data, upon submit must clear

## CURRENT

- file organization.
  - seperate frontend and backend helpers
  - split "userqueries", serverqueries??
  - clean up example files
  x renames for consistancy (follow 'views' file naming convensions)
    - scss full screen/responsive naming? or seperate folder?
  - do all routes need seperate files?
    - consolidate primary and secondary routes
  x rename create schedule??? creating event, schedule already exists?? but this will change EVERYTHING
  - change route org. all primary in 1 file and all secondary.

**- ADD functionality?
  - add time to dates as well
  x could we send to multiple people and aggrigate results? useful?s
  - add schedule event types (date, appointment, meal, etc.)

primary
  - calendar dates change color when selected (not deselected)
  - create date restriction on picker
  x attach id to data sent to secondary user to help identify secondary user when data returned?? (use date id)
  - after create schedule "submit" give url back to user. popup?
  x main page -> set cookie = user ID (change database)
  -should we prevent primary user from voting?
  X change primary user routes. aggrigate page branch -> create or results (then do secondary??)
  x create aggrigate page
  x add percentages to results? (just for user, not in data)
  - currently using percentage to render color, add more data for user??? chart?
  - add who has voted to results page
  - add buttons to navigate create & results

secondary
  - error handling for invalid schedule url
  x user will click date, w cause popup (? maybe)
  x pop up will contain post button
  x once date is selected redirect to thank you page
    - account for page reload?? avoid resend
  x how to return selected date to primary user
  - set up new page for this? complete schedule??
  x how to make dates clickable since they are rendered w ejs
  x pass id back to primary to log date??
  - check if user primary (primary cannot vote) => dif page?
  x get name from secondary
  x currently hard coded name, cookie and rank being sent to server/database, need to get info from user




## ADDRESS
  x typing. control data as it moves around. make plan for when date should be OBJ (in database) and when it should be DATE type (all server and front end use) TIME STAMP. make helpers
  full change to utc
  - if sending to multiple people, how do we knpw when pole is over?
    must hold results, add to database
  - show in calendar? but times might make difficult? zoom into day?
  - no login. app functions via cookies
  - can only vote once per cookie

FEATURES
  (add notes to top description?)
  -- ranks are weighted by amount of dates in schedule
